Let’s start with a question:
Which is the easiest, widely available, delicious, nutritious, and the most amazing superfood on earth?
Most of us will answer – egg. They are loaded with so much nutrient, easy to prepare, available anywhere, and can be used in breakfast, lunch or dinner irrespective of meal time. Eggs are used in the preparation of so much recipes like bakery items, snacks, cookies, and much more. If you eat eggs every day, you can overcome all your body weakness. Additionally, you can avail these benefits:
Health Benefits of Eating Eggs Everyday
Here is listed some benefits that your body can experience:
Fulfil Nutritional Requirements: Did you know that a whole egg contains all the nutrients required to turn a single cell into a baby chicken?
A single large boiled egg contains:
Vitamin A: 6% of the RDA
Folate: 5% of the RDA
Vitamin B5: 7% of the RDA
Vitamin B12: 9% of the RDA
Vitamin B2: 15% of the RDA
Phosphorus: 9% of the RDA
Selenium: 22% of the RDA
Eggs also contain decent amounts of vitamin D, vitamin E, vitamin K, vitamin B6, calcium and zinc
This comes with 77 calories, 6 grams of protein and 5 grams of healthy fats. They contain a little bit of almost every nutrient you need.
High in Cholesterol: Many of us think that eggs are high in cholesterol. In fact, a single egg contains 212 mg, which is over half of the recommended daily intake of 300 mg. however, it is also true that Eggs are high in cholesterol, but eating eggs does not adversely affect cholesterol in the blood for the majority of people.
Raise Good Cholesterol: HDL stands for high-density lipoprotein. It is often known as the “good” cholesterol. People who have higher levels of HDL usually have a lower risk of heart disease, stroke and other health problems.
Contain Choline: Choline is a nutrient that most people don’t even know exists, yet it is an incredibly important substance and is often grouped with the B vitamins. The symptoms of choline deficiency are serious. A single egg contains more than 100 mg of this very important nutrient.
Reduce Risk of Heart Disease: LDL cholesterol is generally known as the “bad” cholesterol. Even if eggs tend to mildly raise LDL cholesterol in some people, studies show that the particles change from small, dense to large LDL, which is an improvement.
Contain Lutein and Zeaxanthin: One of the consequences of aging is that eyesight tends to get worse. There are several nutrients that help counteract some of the degenerative processes that can affect our eyes.
Two of these are called lutein and zeaxanthin. They are powerful antioxidants that accumulate in the retina of the eye.
High in Quality Protein, With All the Essential Amino Acids in the Right Ratios
Helping You Lose Weight
Reduce the Risk of Stroke
So what are you thinking. Buy fresh eggs online to get the organically produced eggs.
